{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1043{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Comic Sans MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red155\green0\blue211;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green192\blue0;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs44\lang9 Third boss | Mika of Memory\line\fs24 The glass cannon of the bosses, remember the light and you will prevail.\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 Attack visual style:\par
\fs22 basic information:\b0\par
Mikas attacks are all made out of black flames. (of course I will make a shader for that)\par
She usually float a bit above the ground using her wings (which do not move btw). \par
All ground close to her is scorched because of her aura. \line (spoiler alert: this is the reason why you can't get close and have to shoot her instead of melee)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 She is constantly surrounded by black particles just flying around.\par
\par
\b barrier visuals:\b0\par
When her actual barrier (which protects her from bullets) is activated, flame walls surround her together with floating black orbs. These orbs are used for the ranged attack in the battle. When an orb is activated it will shortly flash in a bright white lens flare.\par
The appearing animation for these orbs consists of the orbs slowly growing to their orignal scale while black particles are sucked towards them. When they are destroyed they will explode into small particles and a shockwave (This cracks the ground for a few seconds)\par
\par
\b in combat visuals:\b0\par
In combat she uses 2 styles of fighting: Attacking the player with slash attacks & using large-scale flame attacks.\par
The slashes look like crescent shaped flames with (dont be suprised) flame trails. She uses these quite a lot from both a distance and up close. \par
Her other attack is a essentially a memory game. The mechanics behind this are explained later. As said before she uses orbs for her ranged attacks. There are 3 of these orbs each based near Mika. These orbs each point to 1/3 of the arena (meaning together the entire arena is within their range). When this attack begins one orb will flash. After a short delay the entire area at which this orb was pointing is set ablaze. After this the amount of flashes will increase with 1 each time this move is used. The pattern is generated in the beginning and the player will learn another options in this order each time the orbs flash.  The amount of times this increases is limited per phase to make it not impossible to beat. \par
The next attack is a reality slash. When she uses this dim white planes appear with random Y rotations all over the arena at the same time. After the entire arena is filled they will all fade at the same time. When the have completely faded they will reappear in a sudden flash and way brighter.\par
Her last attack is a black hole like attack. When she activates this effects she will turn completely black with only a pair of purple glowing eyes still visible. At this moment flames and particles starts rushing to the center of the arena where she stands. Bright white stars rapidly flash at random positions in the area of effect (which is the entire arena and more).\par
At some attacks in the battle she will teleport behind the player. When she does this a soft shockwave of darkness appears at both her old and new locations.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 Attacks and effects:\par
\fs22 Damage indicators:\par
\par
Oh lawd he comin' \cf1\highlight2\f1 [|||] lol\cf3\highlight0\f0\line\cf0 Fuck dodge this! \cf3 [|||] 99%\cf0\line High damage \cf4 [|||] 49%\cf0\line Medium damage \cf5 [|||] 29%\cf0\line Low damage \cf6 [|||] 9%\cf0\b0\par
\b Stage 1:\par
\cf5\highlight2\b0\i Jump and slash \cf0\highlight0\i0 = She jumps into the air and does  3 complete flips in a row. Each time she flips a vertical slash attack will fly towards a random position on the arena. (Use that nasty movement prediction for this plz)\par
\cf5\highlight2\i Teleport and slash \cf0\highlight0\i0 = She teleports behind the player and sends a horizontal slash flying at the player from close range. After she slashed she will quickly teleport back to safety. (She can not be hit during this attack)\par
\cf4\highlight2\i Memory infernos \cf0\highlight0\i0 = She uses the 3 orbs arround her to give the player an order. After a short delay the area the orbs area are aiming at will turn into a high damage zone. Players in these areas get heavy damage but can be avoided by remembering the pattern. The pattern increases with 1 flash per time this attack is used. The amount of times this increases is limited to 3 per phase.\par
\cf4\highlight2 Reality slash  \cf0\highlight0 = Dim glowing planes start appearing at random position and with random y rotations in the arena. They will keep appearing until there are 5 after which they will simultanously fade away. The moment they have completely faded away they will suddenly reappear each glowing a rather bright white. \par
\b Stage 2:\par
\cf5\highlight2\b0\i Jump and slash MK2 \cf0\highlight0\i0 = She jumps into the air and does  10 complete flips in a row. Each time she flips a vertical slash attack will fly towards a random position on the arena. (Use that nasty movement prediction for this plz)\par
\cf3\highlight2\i Memory infernos but actually straight from hell \cf0\highlight0\i0 = She uses the 3 orbs arround her to give the player an order. After a short delay the area the orbs area are aiming at will turn into a extremely high damage zones. Players in these areas are just kinda dead Lmao but they can be avoided by remembering the pattern. The pattern increases with 1 flash per time this attack is used. The amount of times this increases is limited to 3 per phase.\par
\cf4\highlight2 Reality slash MK2  \cf0\highlight0 = Dim glowing planes start appearing at random position and with random y rotations in the arena. They will keep appearing until there are 20 after which they will simultanously fade away. The moment they have completely faded away they will suddenly reappear each glowing a rather bright white. Halfway through the fading progress new planes will start appearing which repeat this action. In total you have to dodge this attack 3 times.\par
\cf5\highlight2\i Black hole \cf0\highlight0\i0 = Mika creates a blackhole like phenomenon at her position which slowly pulls the player towards her. When this attack is active the players movement is slowed by 30% making dashing important. While she uses this attack she starts slashing the air. These slashes are the main damaging part of this attack and need to be dodged. The slashes are sent towards completely random locations in the arenas parameters but they are 2x larger than their counterparts. The X rotation of these slashes is random making it harder to dodge. The speed at which she fires these attack is about 1 slash per second. If the player happens to hit Mika's barrier while this attack is active the player will be pushed away against the outer barrier and will receive heavy damage.\par
\b Stage 3 / Last resort:\par
\cf1\highlight2\b0\f1 Fuck You \cf0\highlight0\f0 = Take the \cf5\highlight2 black hole \cf0\highlight0 attack and \cf3\highlight2 the memory infernos \cf0\highlight0 and make them happen together like the fucking hellchild this attack is. Rip if someone is touched by any attack here. Good thing it will be only for the duration of the black hole attack. May whoever your god is like you cuz you are not gonna make it otherwise. Oh and for the fuck of it, ramp up the speed of the memory infernos but set the order list to 6 flashes.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 Combat progress:\par
\b0\fs22 How to hit her: \i (I did not hit her!)\par
\i0 This boss does not have specific attack moments. These moments are created by the player themself. To create an attack opportunity the player needs to destroy the black orbs flying around Mika. When these are destroyed Mika will start to recreate them but at that moment she is vulnurable. At this moment you can attack her using your \b Shoot Mode\b0 . These shot will drain her health quite fast as she does not have a lot of health. If the player tries to get within melee range of Mika they will be thrown back and are given some damage.\par
When you have taken away all her health she will use one last attack to try to kill you. It is recommended by most to not get hit by anything before, during and after this effect.\par
\par
What to avoid in combat:\par
Getting hit of course. But this time it's even more important as most of her attacks are heavy damaging moves.  It is also very important not to forget the order of the orbs as you will not have any time to dodge the infernos created by them. \par
Also: \f1 pew pew\cf4\highlight2\f0\par
}
 